all right today I'm showing you guys how
to throw a net very simple easy way you
can throw anywhere from a 3-foot net so
about a 7-foot and that the same way I'm
throwing this it's probably the easiest
way to cast in it so I'm going to show
you guys how I do step by step very easy
now do small coils a lot of people do
because of some reason they get caught
up and my weights in the net so this is
how you do it
this small coil it now when I cast this
man I probably won't really catch any
bait I'm just showing you guys how to
how to actually cast a net I'll show you
guys how to catch bait some other video
but very simple way make sure your coil
is nice bring them up ball right here
grab down here come back down grab again
then when your Nets out and everything
is all all good now here you get one of
these strands and just put it over your
wrist once you put it over grab one of
the waist with your thumb come back over
the ball right here then when you cast
the net you're gonna want to twist your
body now when you twist you're going to
want to twist and when you do you're
gonna release your right hand side first
and then the left hand side and when you
release your left hand side you can even
kind of twist it in a
I never make it do a nice little pancake
for you got a few mullet that wasn't the
best pancake in the world but as you see
you can course some mullet in here and
I'll show you guys how to catch a red
later but when I'm doing my lazy fishing
this is actually what I use to catch my
redfish and as you seen any of my videos
actually catch some nice keeper rates so
that's the video I hope you guys liked
it enjoy fish on out there